Fix PS IIS registration for WS2016 (#1514)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation/compare/v0.4.0-beta.1...HEAD)

### Fixed

> - Fixed issue with PowerShell module IIS registration and Windows Server 2016 [#1510](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation/issues/1510).
> - Fixed issue with PowerShell module IIS unregistration,
>   where unnecessary extra restart was preformed.

Reviewer: nit: use present simple tense

```suggestion
- Fix the IIS registration in the PowerShell script module for Windows Server 2016.
- Get rid of unnecessary service restarts during the IIS unregistration,
  in the PowerShell script module.
```
